Prince of Persia(R) 2 Demo
Version 1.0 ReadMe
Windows(R) 95
September 11, 1998

Table of Contents
	1. System Requirements
	2. Controls
	3. Troubleshooting
	4. How to Contact Technical Support
	5. Warranty / Money back guarantee
	6. Copyright Information


1. System Requirements

Prince of Persia(R) 2 Demo

WINDOWS® CD-ROM*
Windows 95 or Windows 98 
33MHz 486DX or faster
16MB RAM
Minimum 8MB hard disk space
CD-ROM drive for installation
640x480 display, 256 colors
100% Sound Blaster compatible sound device


*System Configuration: May require minor adjustments to the configuration of
your operating system, and/or updates to hardware component drivers.

**If you experience problems with installation or compatibility of DirectX 
on your computer, please consult the hardware manufacturers of your video 
or sound card for the latest drivers compatible with DirectX.  You may also 
want to check Microsoft's Web site for more information.

2. Controls

This demo starts with keyboard control pre-selected. After gameplay begins,
you may select joystick control by pressing ALT-J.

To grab onto or hang from ledges, press and hold the SHIFT or CTRL key (or 0
on the numeric keypad), or press and hold a joystick button. To let go of the
ledge, release the key or joystick button.

ALT-J	Select joystick control. Also recalibrates the program to match your
	joystick.
ALT-K	Select keyboard control.
ALT-S	Turn all sound off/on.
ALT-M	Turn ambient music off/on.
ALT-R	Ends the game and returns you tothe opening title sequence.
ALT-A	Restarts play from the beginning.
ALT-Q	Quit game and return to DOS.
CRTL-Q 	Quit game and return to DOS.
ESC	Pause the game. Press any other key to resume play.

Keyboard Controls

4, S, J 	run left (+ SHIFT = careful step left)
5, D, K 	climb down, crouch
6, F, L		run right (+ SHIFT = careful step right)
7, W, U		jump left
8, E, I		jump up, climb up
9, R, O		jump right


3. Troubleshooting

Windows(R) 95/98

Question: My computer hangs when I start playing the Prince of Persia 2 Demo.

Answer: This is probably the result of an IRQ or a DMA conflict.

Since the original Prince of Persia games were DOS-based, it is possible 
that some of today's Plug and Play sound components may not be correctly 
configured by Windows 95 / Windows 98 to take advantage of DOS sound 
settings. In some instances, this problem can be fixed by manipulating your 
Prince of Persia Setup settings.

To modify your Prince of Persia Setup settings, execute the following 
steps:

1.) Start at the Windows 95 desktop
2.) Open Windows Explorer and navigate to the directory where you saved the demo.
3.) Open up the game folder of the Prince game you want to play
4.) Within the Demofolder, double click the Setup.exe file
5.) With the Sound Device item highlighted, strike the Enter Key 
6.) Choose SoundBlaster Pro
7.) Make a note of your current settings
8.) Press "M" to modify settings
9.) Leave your IO port address at 220H
10.) Leave you IRQ setting at autodetect
11.) At the DMA selection screen, choose a different DMA

After you have chosen a different DMA, try launching the Demo again. 
If the problem still isn't fixed, select the third DMA option. If that still
doesn't fix the problem, restore your original DMA setting, and go back to 
the IRQ settings screen and step through the different IRQ's. Try launching 
the Demo after modifying each IRQ settings.

If you have followed the above instructions, and your computer continues to 
hang when launching the Demo, you may need to re-assign your 
IRQ's and/or DMA's in your Windows 95 system control panel. 
To do this, consult your Windows95 documentation or online help.

Question: When I start playing the Prince of Persia 2 Demo, the 
game runs in a DOS window

Answer: To fix this problem, hold down the Alt key and strike the Enter 
key on your keyboard. This will maximize the game window, causing it to 
run in full-screen mode.

Question: When playing the Prince of Persia 2 Demo, there are no 
digital sound effects and/or digital music

Answer: Your sound card may not be 100% SoundBlaster compatible. Some cards
claim 100% SoundBlaster compatibility but in practice their SoundBlaster 
emulation modes do not always work correctly. You can try to get the latest 
drivers from your sound cards' manufacturer. If that fails, you can 
play the Prince of Persia 2 Demo with the PC speaker.

Some sound cards our testing lab noticed problems with are listed below

-Gravis Ultrasound
-ESS ES 1888

4. How To Contact Technical Support

If you have worked through the troubleshooting suggestions in this ReadMe and 
still need assistance, you can contact Red Orb Entertainment Technical
Support by using the options listed below.  It will be
very helpful if you can tell us your computer make and model, and the
brand names of both the video card and sound card you are using.
If possible, have the computer both positioned near your phone and
turned on.  Please also be prepared to give us a  detailed description
of what happens when you try to run the program.

You can contact us in any of the following ways:

Internet - Online support is available through our World Wide Web
site at http://www.redorb.com

America Online - Use the keyword: RED ORB.

Mail - Send your questions to Red Orb Entertainment Technical
Correspondence, P.O. Box 6125, Novato, CA  94948-6125.

Phone - Call us at (415) 382-4777 from Monday through Friday between
the hours of 6:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m., Pacific Time.


Restrictions
The Software contains copyrighted material, trade secrets, and other 
proprietary material. In order to protect them, and except as permitted by 
applicable legislation, you may not decompile, reverse engineer, 
disassemble, or otherwise reduce the Software to a human-perceivable form. 
You may not modify, network, rent, lease, loan, distribute, or create 
derivative works based upon the Software in whole or in part. You may not 
electronically transmit the Software from one computer to another or over 
a network or otherwise use it on more than one computer or computer terminal 
at the same time.

You are entitled to use this product for your own use, but may not sell or 
transfer reproductions of the software or manual to other parties in any 
way, nor rent or lease the product to others without the prior written 
permission of Brøderbund. You may use one copy of the product on a single 
terminal connected to a single computer.

Export Law Assurances
You agree and certify that neither the Software nor any other technical 
data received from Brøderbund, nor the direct product thereof, will be 
exported outside the United States except as authorized and as permitted by 
the laws and regulations of the United States. If the Software has been 
rightfully obtained by you outside of the United States, you agree that 
you will not re-export the Software, nor any other technical data received 
from Brøderbund, nor the direct product thereof, except as permitted by the 
laws and regulations of the United States, and the laws and regulations of 
the jurisdiction in which you obtained the Software.

Government End Users
If you are acquiring the Software on behalf of any unit or agency of the 
United States Government, the following provisions apply. The Government 
agrees:
	(i) if the Software are supplied to the Department of Defense 
(DoD), the Software are classified as “Commercial Computer Software,” and 
the Government is acquiring only “restricted rights” in the Software, and 
its documentation, as that term is defined in Clause 252.227-7013(c)(1) of 
the DFARS; and
	 (ii) if the Software are supplied to any unit or agency of the 
United States Government other than DoD, the Government’s rights in the 
Software, and its documentation, will be as defined in Clause 52.227-19(c)
(2) of the FAR or, in the case of NASA, in Clause 18-52.227-86(d) of the 
NASA Supplement to the FAR.

Disclaimer of Warranty
You expressly acknowledge and agree that use of the Software is at your sole 
risk. Except for the 90-Day Satisfaction Guarantee, the Software, and 
related documentation, are provided “AS IS” and without warranty of any 
kind, and Brøderbund expressly disclaims all other warranties, express or 
implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of 
merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. Brøderbund does 
not warrant that the functions contained in the Software will meet your 
requirements, or that the operation of the Software will be uninterrupted 
or error-free, or that defects in the Software and the fonts will be 
corrected. Furthermore, Brøderbund does not warrant or make representations 
regarding the use or the results of the use of the Software or related 
documentation in terms of their correctness, accuracy, reliability, or 
otherwise. No oral or written information or advice given by Brøderbund 
or a Brøderbund authorized representative shall create a warranty or in 
any way increase the scope of this warranty. Should the Software prove 
defective, you (and not Brøderbund or a Brøderbund authorized 
representative) assume the entire cost of all necessary servicing, repair, 
or correction. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied 
warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you.

Limitations on Warranty
Unauthorized Representations: Brøderbund warrants only that for a period 
of 90 days that the Software will be free from substantial errors or 
defects that will materially interfere with the operation of the Software 
as described in the user documentation. No other advertising, description, 
or representation, whether made by a Brøderbund dealer, distributor, agent, 
or employee, shall be binding upon Brøderbund or shall change the terms of 
this warranty.

No Consequential Damages: Brøderbund shall not be liable for special, 
incidental, consequential, or other damages, even if Brøderbund is advised 
of or aware of the possibility of such damages. This means that Brøderbund 
shall not be responsible or liable for lost profits or revenues, or for 
damages or costs incurred as a result of loss of time, data, or use of the 
Software, or from any other cause except the actual cost of the product. 
In no event shall Brøderbund’s liability exceed the purchase price of this 
product. Some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental 
or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not 
apply to you.
                
6. Copyright Information

Copyright (c) 1989-1998 Broderbund Software Inc. and Jordan Mechner. 
all rights reserved. Prince of Persia, Red Orb Entertainment, and the 
Red Orb Entertainment logo are trademarks and/or registered trademarks 
of Broderbund Software, Inc. All other company and/or product names are 
trademarks and/or registered trademarks of their respective manufacturers.

We hope that you enjoy your experience with the Prince of Persia Collection 
Limited Edition.

End of ReadMe

